This is the Research Tab. Here you can make scientific discoveries to progress, unlock missions, and upgrade your GravShip.

-GravShip?


Your personal remote-controlled spaceship, you use it to earn money. You will need to unlock GravShip PDA through the Research tree first.

110 mk has been deposited to your account. Now start by unlocking Mission Operative.

Research takes too long? Change the game speed on the top-right corner of your screen.

You have 10mk left, just enough to buy GravShip PDA. Proceed.

GravShip upgrades happen instantly, while Research can often take millennia to complete. Make sure to check on this tab from time to time.

Return to the main screen. You can do this by pressing the Research Tab button again, or by hitting [Space].

This is your GravShip PDA, here you control a GravShip in the Asteroid Belt.

Controls are simple, use w/a/s/d or arrow keys to move around.

Any asteroid that gets caught in the ship's GravBeam gets automatically pulled to this Mining Rig for processing. Sturdy construction ensures no damage.
Try it. Try to attract a passing asteroid to it.

Excellent. Now let's go back.

Every nation in history needed a strong and straightforward direction, United Earth Coalition is no different.
Head to the Politics Tab.

Politics allow you to gain benefits based on two main political views: Vox Populi and Vox Coitionis.

Vox Populi favors making everything cheaper, at cost of making Research and Missions 
take longer.
Vox Coitionis favors making Research and Missions take less time, while making both more expensive.

The further you go to either side, the stronger the benefits. Penalties become larger too, however.


Both are a double-edged sword, so make sure to fluctuate and change sides accordingly.

In order to save the Sun, we'll need to complete Missions. Here is the Missions Tab.

You don't have any missions yet. Head back to Research Tab and unlock Reflective Solar Sail with the money you made.

First, choose a Mission Slot. More can be unlocked by researching Mission Operative.

Choose a Celestial Body type. For now you only have Minor Bodies.

Pick Reflective Solar Sail, that's the Mission you're going to launch.

All dwarf planets have been placed under one option for User convenience. Other planets aren't that lucky.
Choose Dwarf Planets, and Launch the Mission.

And now we wait... Make sure to speed up time if needed.

There we go! Took you long enough, but you've prolonged the Sun's life by... about 40 years, which is about the same time you've spent here as Crisis Prevention Commander.

<Life signal: Offline>

Another one bites the dust. Not first, and certainly not the last...

*Sigh* Why do I even bother training mortals? I'll just start showing them a tutorial video when they arrive.

*Ahem* Welcome, Commander...


From now, you're on your own.
You have 5,000 years to keep the Sun alive.
Humanity's fate is on your hands.

-Let's do this.