Man buys video game legitimately. Encounters faulty anti-piracy AI.
Fiery-eyed mage in purple robe pops out of thin air in Georwell, Mars. Vanishes after getting shot to death by milice force.
Man gets hit with road sign by humanoid floating pumpkin.
Annual Granny Shotgun Deathmatch next week in local retirement home - Bring your Grandmother! And a Shotgun!
Female customer orders peper steak, gets white meat instead.
Male customer orders white meat, gets peper steak instead.
Non-binary customer orders purification, gets told "off".
The same amount of time passed between now and creation of Skibidi Toilet, and between creation of Skibidi Toilet and first extinction of Mammoths. "Uhm, no??? Skibidi Toilet is way older than the mammoths", says RIEY Operator.
United Earth Coalition officials questioned about why Crisis Prevention Commanders can't undergo RIEY surgery. "We must uphold sanctity of the State", responds UEC spokeswoman.
"Stop talking about my goddamn hat, and report some ACTUAL news for once!", says celebrity in a ridiculous orange hat.
"Some folks are just too stupid for their own good. I revived this guy THIRTY THREE TIMES, AND HE'S STILL TRYING TO SWIM IN THE EUROPAN DEPTHS FOR THE LAUGHS!?!?!?", says RIEY Machine Operator, while resurrecting celebrity gearlessBaroholic74.
Richest man on Ceres gets cannibalized 7th time this week. "These wagies can't keep taking "eat the rich" so seriously. I'll convince the UEC to quadruple Cerean Tax!" he responds, looking tasty as ever.
Blueskinned game developer drinks milk and chokes to death. "I guess he got THICC of it...", responds RIEY Machine Operator.
Two bears mauled by a child.
Man walks into a RIEY clinic, asks Operator if they have "Ha". Responds with "HaRIEY Balls!" after being questioned.
Man walks into a pizzeria, undercover mafiosos shocked due to having to actually work.
Survivors reportedly still looking for the Vampire.
Intern erases two first letters of "Uncrashable IV" on spaceship. Asteroid promptly crashes into it.