NEWS!!!
Local child totally OBLITERATES the Grandmaster of Chess with a handgun, Experts baffled.
"I think the big science-heads should terraform Venus!", says celebrity. "On my cold grave, we're not doing this again. We still don't know what got into <i>those</i> clowns' heads who did <i>that</i>", says Terraforming Specialist.
"On everybody's souls we're all gooning to Tasque Manager" - speaker of these words suspected of being the biggest cause of Human death in history.
"On everybody's souls we're all cracking Carol Holiday" - speaker of these words suspected of being the biggest cause of Human death in history.
blep
Geometry Dash 2.21 expected to release somewhere next summer, informs Robert Topala Jr. XVIII.
"I mean I love science, but why Orbital Mining Drills?", says weirdo.
Alright, spcial mssag to th suckr who stol th ky btwn w and r from my kyboard, plas giv it back, this is not a jok, i'm vry srious.
Sudden pressure change destroys all cargo in Europan submarine, local old man's birthday gift ruined.
Local teen "steals police officer's nose", execution by explosion tomorrow.
Scientists discover traces of magic world, they nickname it "Gensokyo".
"Gee, it sure is boring around here!", says local teen. "My boy, this peace is what all true warriors are striving for!", says prime minister.
E-archeologists discover e-fossils of an ancient entertainment medium called "YTP", works are underway to discover what this acronym stands for.
Hi, boss! There is a memecoin project of stealya.money ,can we cooperate?
yo I just paid for this spot in the news bar, use code PROBARON for 42% off in Shotgun Grandma shop!
Error discovered in supercomputer Deep Thought's code, calculation of Answer to the Ultimate Question of Life, the Universe, and Everything set back by 60 thousand years.
Local child buys popsicle in middle of summer. SWAT and FBI involved.
"I miss the frogs man", says Friend 1. "Dude, they went extinct 50-something thousand years ago!", says Friend 2.
Particularly violent water cooler found near TV station.
Boulder Valley Moulder reclaims #1 spot as most popular caving attraction on Earth, beating Monkey Tail Cave and Stalactite Trap Cave.
Engineers create machine that can't run Doom. Unemployed hobbyist runs Doom on it anyway.
Child not yearning for the mines found in Quambler county, Mars.
Chuligan zmienil jezyk mojego panelu na Polski, IT prosze zrobcie cos z tym.
Lunarian girl running from green haired principal with bull horns starts flinging her arm vertically. "I would do the same.", says EIRIN Foundation representative.
Over 75,000 years pass since Slick Rick underwent RIEY surgery. "Best decision ever made!", says local fan of Slick Rick.
Archeologists find bones of neckless game developer with floating head from over 80,000 years ago. "Not worth RIEY-ing him.", says Bone Incinerator Operator.
"Stop telling us to bring back frogs. I don't wanna, they're gross!", says RIEY Machine Operator.
Man gets run over by hover train at young age of 163, bystanders describe it as "gnoash at hilarious".
"Skrumpawing" wins the "Teenagers' Gnoashest Word of the Year" award, headquarters cudared by furious protesters.
Woman complains about cronyism problem in UEC government. "False and utterly baseless accusations!", says Minister of Left Handed Toilet Flushes.
School nurse applies "smiley advesive bandage" to explosion wound, receives third Medal of Honor for bravery.
Veterans fight over who has more decorations, flee when soldier with Virtuti Militari walks by.
Prospectors disappointed after gravel mine turns out to be full of worthless jewels.
Scientists regret not teaching bees how to sing earlier, "I just love these little guys, why didn't we think of this earlier, and not just now?".
Are you ready, Princesses and Princes?
Husband has nut allergy. Wife not happy.
Wife has nut allergy. Husband not happy.
Husband 1 has nut allergy. Husband 2 not happy.
Wife 1 has nut allergy. Wife 2 not happy.
Over 70 thousand years after birth, Hatsune Miku's voice is still the same, scientists report.
Over 70 thousand years after birth, Kasane Teto is still 31 years old, scientists report.
Over 70 thousand years after birth, Kasane Teto is still obese, scientists report.
KATAMARI by Femtanyl becomes new national anthem of United Earth Coalition.
Underage spy busted after refusing to partake in company's "Eat Your Vegetables Day".
2 year old civillian woman suddenly exploded. "I had nothing to do with it!", says crazy soldier loosely affiliated with "Falsalvata State" holding a rocket gun.
Intercoalitional tensions rise after local news reporter says "fr*ck".
"For the last time, RIEY surgery stands for 'Resurrection, Immortalization and giving Eternal Youth', not 'Rufus Iufus Eufus Yapponator'!", says disgruntled RIEY Operator.
RIEY surgery cheaper than bread. "The water is wet, what's your deal?", responds interviewed citizen.
Local HR employee found folding paper airplanes from job applications and throwing them around the office, pay increased by 400%.
Millennia pass, Balatro is still popular as ever.
Yare yare, da ze~
Man in suit found standing in front of lambda symbols, suddenly vanishes from interview attempts.
"You like tagging walls and pranking calls? Then graffitis my [CENSORED]!", says GraffitiGirl31337.
The same amount of time passed between now and creation of Skibidi Toilet, and between creation of Skibidi Toilet and first extinction of Mammoths. "Uhm, no??? Skibidi Toilet is way older than the mammoths", says RIEY Operator.
Oldest man on Ceres sadly passes a fart in his chair after hearing a funny joke.
Oldest man under Europa calmly passes a Way in bed... To his wife! || Tastiest chocolate bar in all of Europa, get your Way! (Sponsored by Fruca Snacks & Co. Ltd.)
United Earth Coalition officials questioned about why Crisis Prevention Commanders can't undergo RIEY surgery. "We must uphold sanctity of the State", responds UEC spokeswoman.
"Stop talking about my goddamn hat, and report some ACTUAL news for once!", says celebrity in a ridiculous orange hat.
"Some folks are just too stupid for their own good. I revived this guy THIRTY THREE TIMES, AND HE'S STILL TRYING TO SWIM IN THE EUROPAN DEPTHS FOR THE LAUGHS!?!?!?", says RIEY Machine Operator, while resurrecting celebrity gearlessBaroholic74.
Richest man on Ceres gets cannibalized 7th time this week. "These wagies can't keep taking "eat the rich" so seriously. I'll convince the UEC to quadruple Cerean Tax!" he responds, looking tasty as ever.
frick
Blueskinned game developer drinks milk and chokes to death. "I guess he got THICC of it...", responds RIEY Machine Operator.
Two bears mauled by a child.
Man walks into a RIEY clinic, asks Operator if they have "Ha". Responds with "HaRIEY Balls!" after being questioned.
Intern erases two first letters of "Uncrashable IV" on spaceship. Asteroid crashes into it immediately.
Girl with key in her back denies accusations of being a robot, despite being alive even before RIEY surgeries were invented.
Man buys video game legitimately. Encounters faulty anti-piracy AI.
Fiery-eyed mage in purple robe pops out of thin air in Gyazo, Mars. Vanishes after getting shot to death by police force.
Man gets hit with road sign by humanoid floating pumpkin.
Annual Granny Shotgun Deathmatch next week in local retirement home - Bring your Grandmother! And a Shotgun!
World's Youngest Child just turned 12 years old.
Scientists almost find Ballmer Peak, but fail as they overshoot by 0.0001mL of alcohol.
Ancient remains discovered of alleged person who asked.
Alcohol consumption found to increase drivers' focus by 130%, researchers report. // Drunk driver crashes submarine into outpost under Europa, 58 people died.
Scientists discover Alcohol increases drivers' hand-eye coordination by 270%. // Drunk driver crashes spaceship into lunar base, 3,049 people died.
"I like my homies like I like my grapes!", says rapper 25Grapes4tATime.
"News is not allow." - popstonia
Hey, you reading this! This is a robbery, wire 300,000mk to my e-walle
Now move your hands and clap your feet - That's the song of the News Machine!
Ramblers are still rambling, allegedly.
A Cerean woman. Thousands die.
Recent findings show Humans 70,000 years ago breathed in space using "long plastic straws connected from Earth to their space suits".
"THOSE ARE NOT MOUNTAINS THOSE ARE NOT MOUNTAINS THOSE ARE NOT MOUNTAINS", rambles upset astronaut.
Kalafior the beaver escapes local zoo. "Perhaps it wasn't my brightest idea to keep him in a cage made of wood", comments Director of Mar-Terra Zoo.
Martian hiker discovers enigmatic "Candlejack", says he possesses unusual abili
Engineers begin work on the first blood-fueled machine, purposes are unknown.
Leek stock drops by 150%, farmers report.
Baguette stock drops by 150%, bakers report.
Yellow Flip-Phone stock drops by 150%, engineers report.
Carrot stock rises by 1500%, nobody seems to care.
Eesti ennekoike!
Polska gora!
Lieutenant Torvalds "Thresher" Tiger takes submarine where the fishes sleep. "It wasn't as deep as I thought", says after noticing floating carcass of Europan wildlife.
Newsu, Newsu, you can call me Newsu. Propa-ganda, and news from around Sun!
Hatsune Miku is older than the dinosaurs. No, that's not a lie. No I didn't make that up.
Kasane Teto is heavier than Sol itself. Yes that's real, look it up.
Akita Neru is not overly addicted to caffeine. Do not search "How did coffee beans almost go extinct?".
GUMI exists, I guess...
Hey you, next guy on the panel. Where did our coffee machine go? // It's in the break room you moron.
The beat finally dropped, local partygoer reports.
Dragons can't be purple because if they were they'd breathe marshmallows and they would choke, local child reports.
Cyborg with thick German accent finally re-emerges from magma.
Homeless man calls another homeless man broke.
Elderly politician calls younger elderly politician "too old to run the UEC", both get assassinated the same morning.
Man takes a step in short grass, gets attacked by giant spider that popped out of it.
Woman takes a step in short grass, gets attacked by giant snake that popped out of it.
Child takes a step in short grass, gets attacked by giant lion that popped out of it.
Someone stepped on snek.
Alarm off.
hold on, let me put my cat on the mic
Scientists start 17th attempt at resurrecting mammoths. "Alright people, let's add less plastic explosives this time!", says Lead Mammoth De-Extinction Project Scientist.
Whatsshall we do with the drunkenn sailor, what shall we do wit' the drun*hic*
Iss you an' me 'gainst the wurld babey. I love you. I LOVE YOU *hic*
Hehehehe....
Gravvity 'e pullin' kin'a 'arder ressently *hic*, aye 'm ssayin'.
if anyone finds that drunkard on the panel today i'd be really happy if some1 of u told me || {Admin} ~01Burza~ // Hehehehe~
<color=#789922>>be me >guy on the news panel >burza is a moron</color>
<color=#789922>>be me >guy on the news panel >send a meme >refuse to elaborate further >don't get fi</color>
In Memoriam Galuppi. Never Forget.
"guess what", informs IBlowUpHorses37.
Local game developer locked in psych ward after going insane having to scrap 99% of their game due to time crunch.
Generative AI enthusiasts start political movement fully controlled by AI, named it "Vox Artificialis" // Vox Artificialis political movement ceases, collapse attributed to lack of commitment.
Generative AI enthusiasts start political movement fully controlled by AI, named it "Vox Artificialis" // Vox Artificialis political movement ceases, collapse attributed to free GenAI website shutting down.
Local MACHINE sings about LOVE, listeners cry tears of joy.
Local MONITORING camera sings about attachment issues, listeners find different meaning.
Local STOP sign sings about NAGGING passerbys, listeners say "why ME?".
Local crt sings about clock that stopped ticking, listeners can't stand the ECHO.
One more time~
Is that so?
So nanoka?
YOUR TAKING TOO LONG
NAGAI SHISUGI
boble.
Local cowboy keeps mumbling about "an ally within".
Hifumi hifumi hifumi hifumi hihifu~
Local streamer girl urges everyone to quit internet.
Local streamer girl says internet is awesome.
Man kicked from prog rock concert after singer finds out only lyrics he knows are "Crimson Kiiiiiiiiiiiiiiing! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahh...".
Another Player's soul gets sucked into Primitier by the developer.
Primitier Player who doesn't torture robots found on Cynthia, gets immediately sent to correction camp.
"If Hatsune Miku is not gonna bend, then why should you?", says hologram of local vocaloid producer.
Potato knishes shortage reported on Earth.
Guess who finally got her news panel permissions today! // are you sure
Tower crashes into twin planes, bystanders find it oddly ironic.